See you so careless
Why are you out alone so late?
Still hurt so badly
It's okay, I just encountered a scum
I can handle it.
Do you want me to help you find someone to teach him a lesson?
Fortunately, he met me today
Otherwise, the consequences will be unimaginable.
No, you treat me to cake
It's enough for me
As long as you like it.
Ah!
I have a white jade toe paste developed by an old wife
You put it on the wound.
The bruises will go away in less than 3 days
Thanks.
My sister wants something sweet.
I have to go home right now
If you have nowhere to go
Just stay here and help me guard the store
I just happen to have a friend coming soon
Please help me hand him the cake in the window
All right?
OK, I see.
Are you the one Mr. Lu told me to wait for?
Yes
Little girl, have we met somewhere?